Erichs changes (#983)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/heroku/kong-app/index.md

desc: Deploy Kong CE clusters to Heroku Common Runtime or Private Spaces

description: |

>   Easily deploy Kong Community Edition as a Heroku app. Support for both

Reviewer: The prior grammar was correct.

>   Easily deploy Kong Community Edition as a Heroku app. Support for both

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Easily deploy Kong Community Edition as a Heroku app. Supports both
```
